MOHINDER:
Previously on Heroes.
You have to tell me
where Mr. Canfield went.
He's not a killer.
I'm not gonna send
anybody to Level 5
who doesn't belong there.
You want me to
kill your partner?
Do it, and lwill let you go.
I won't be a monster.
What's going on?
Claire lied.
There was no cheerleading
retreat. She's obviously
gone after one of them.
SANDRA: Who is he?
MEREDITH:
His name's Eric Doyle.
It's okay, I know him.
I'll go get Claire.
This must be
my future future.
The future has changed.
MATT: Her name's Daphne.
I've got to find her.
Are you okay?
ANGELA: Your brother
tried to kill me.
He took Sylar's ability,
and now he's suffering
the consequences.
We're in a lot of trouble,
Nathan.
How do you feel
about recruiting?
Recruiting for what?
An organization for
a new world order.
Your father was disappointed
that you weren't born with
the genetic code.
You did experiments on me
and God knows who else.
I know a scientist.
Anybody can
help you, he can.
Can he be trusted?
Suresh? Yeah,
he's harmless.
MAYA: You would actually
inject yourself with that?
You're a monster.
MOHINDER: lwish you
hadn't said that.
(GASPS)
Hello, Angela.
You can see the future.
I can't have that.
The team is coming
together nicely.
We're building
an armyjust like you...
Whatever you say goes,
Mr. Petrelli.
MOHINDER: In every journey,
the traveler must ask,
"Was the right path taken?"
Many roads are long
and winding,
filled with those
who have lost their way.
Some forge their own course,
guided by faith,
seeking not a location,
but a kindred soul.
Others step together,
finding safety in
the arms of another.
A few remove themselves
from the trail to avoid
the path of temptation.
But those who watch
the track too closely fail
to see where it led them,
and they’re often
all too surprised
by their destination.
Kill the other one.
HIRO AND DAPHNE:
Kill Ando?
Yeah, he has no powers.
What good is he to us?
You kill him,
you are badass.
That's good.
He'll never do it.
Hiro.
(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING)
Hello, Milosh.
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(EXCLAIMS)
Hiro.
I'm sorry, my friend.
I must make sacrifices
to save the world.
(GROANS)
(GASPS)
Hiro.
(THUDS)
Okay. You're in.
You handle the rest.
I'm taking Adam Monroe
to see the boss.
Oh, my God!
You actually killed him.
That guy told me to.
Badass!
That was to prove
you wouldn't. You're
supposed to be a good guy.
Now, I'm a villain like you.
Me? I'm not a killer.
No, but you are a thief.
But I just do it for money.
It's not like anybody
gets hurt.
Well, I want my payday, too.
Ando was useless to me.
He had no powers.
Now, take me
to your boss.
I'm not taking you
anywhere.
You get an assignment
like everyone else. Here.
You're going to Africa.
He's a precog.
A what?
He can see the future.
Whatever he paints
comes true.
Like Mr. Isaac?
Whatever. My boss can't have
someone like that out there.
Bring him
to this address.
Alive.
Just so you know,
it's not easy
catching a precog.
Why is that?
They see you coming.
(WHOOSHES)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(GASPS)
Hi. Where are you going?
(SIGHS) Meredith went
after this creep,
and it's my fault.
Mom, have you looked at
his file? He's a psycho.
She's in danger.
Okay, I get it.
You wanna fight bad guys,
save the world, be a hero.
I don't need
special abilities
like your mother,
your other mother,
to understand that.
Thank you.
I really have to go.
I'm ready.
Your father always said,
"One of us, one of them."
I'm the "one of us."
Meredith Gordon.
As God is my witness
I'm going to make you
love me again.
It's like I told you
all night long, Eric,
I never loved you.
You disgust me.
You know, even when
they stuck me on Level 5,
I knew someday
we'd be together again.
I'd like a destination
wedding, like Fiji.
Let me go
or I'll kill you.
You know how
this works, Meredith.
You can't make a move
unless I make you move.
So I don't take
orders from you.
Stop it, Eric.
Eric, please.
Please.
(GASPS)
You will love me,
Meredith.
I promise you that.
(GASPS)
(SIGHS)
You've heard of me,
right? Adam Monroe?
Guessing you have
some sort of special ability.
What is it?
| get strong off
other people's fear.
I'm not afraid.
(GRUNTS)
(CHUCKLES) Seriously,
you're wasting your time.
(ARTHUR BREATHING HEAVILY)
Arthur?
I heard you were dead.
Wait. No. No!
Please let me go.
You scared now?
Arthur, no, please!
I can be of use to you!
(SCREAMING)
(GRUNTING)
Feels good
to breathe again.
(MAN CHATTER/NG ON PA)
That would be
a mistake, my dear.
Are we not paying you
enough money?
No, it's not that.
Hiro Nakamura was
a good guy, but we
turned him into a murderer.
I mean, I'm in way
over my head.
Daphne, you and l
have discussed
this before.
I can't do this anymore.
Oh, dear.
Well, that's a shame.
You've done so much for us.
We've done so much for you.
So much that we couldn't
do for you anymore
if you were to leave.
Let's keep this little
lapse ofjudgment
to ourselves, shall we?
Look! There's your
next assignment.
MATT: Okay, turtle,
you got me home.
So now we just need to find
Daphne, save her life, get her
to fall in love with me.
So you just give me a sign.
I can't believe
I'm talking to a turtle.
High five, turtle.
Daphne?
How do you know
who I am?
It's actually kind of
complicated.
Lucky guess.
Can we go somewhere
and talk?
Yeah.
(KNOCK AT DOOR)
Mohinder,
can we come in?
l'm relieved to see you're
okay, Niki, but, really,
you should have called.
I'm in the middle of
some sensitive trials here.
She's not Niki.
We're sorry to interrupt
you, Dr. Suresh,
but we need your help.
l'm Tracy.
Niki was my sister.
You're telling me
you're not Niki?
No.
Tracy has an ability, too.
That's why we're here.
A doctor did it.
Zimmerman?
He altered
our genes somehow.
A doctor did this
to you? How?
I don't know,
I was just a baby.
This is exactly what
I've been researching.
How to give people abilities.
l was told the same thing
was done to me.
You're saying
that it is possible.
I know it is.
Tell me, have you had
any side effects?
She didn't even
know about it
until four days ago.
Let me guess.
It first happened when
you were in a state
of heightened agitation.
You were frightened,
angry.
It came over you
like a wave
you couldn't control.
Yes.
Can you remove it?
l have a feeling
we can be of great
assistance to each other.
DAPHNE: These people
know things.
Pinehearst?
They know how you
struggled as a cop in LA
to protect and serve,
but that wasn't enough
for you, was it?
No. No, it wasn't.
They know how you've been
waiting your whole life
just to be somebody.
Sounds to me like
you're not buying
your own pitch.
No, I am.
ljust got a lot of
appointments today.
So are you in or out?
So this isn't about us?
Us?
Yeah.
No.Sony
Who told you my name?
No one.
(SIGHS)
I had this dream about
the future. But it wasn't
a dream, it was real.
And you and l were...
We were married. And I know
about your speed ability.
And we had this
beautiful baby girl
and this pet turtle,
and we're so happy.
We're soul mates.
I came here looking for you
and what did I find?
You are waiting for me.
I mean, that's got to
mean something, right?
This is getting
kind of stalky.
So I gotta go.
No, no, no. Wait a second.
Wait a second.
Look, the address
is on the card
if you're interested.
We named
our baby Daniella...
(WHOOSHES)
After your grandmother.
How did you know...
Because I'm telling you
the truth.
Look, I have a bunch
of stuff to do today,
but can you wait here?
Here?
Yeah.
I'll be back.
Don't go anywhere.
Okay.
(WHOOSHES)
Huh?
This is going to work?
And you're sure
there's no side effects?
It's just a marker.
Tags any unusual DNA.
You won't feel a thing.
Gonna make myjob much easier.
You know, I always
thought my ability
was a gift from God,
but after what
my mother told me,
| just...
I need to know the truth.
I understand.
I once put all my faith
in my father's research.
Followed it blindly.
I never got anywhere
until I thought for myself.
Let's do it.
Inside your blood
there's the solution
to many problems.
And with it,
I can help everyone.
Something's wrong.
What's happening to her?
She'll be all right.
(MOANS)
What have you done to us?
(WHOOSHES)
(PANTING)
Who are you?
What are you doing?
Myjob.
l'm springing you out.
You're Sylar, right?
You have places to be.
The guards are here
in a few seconds.
Let's get going.
No.
No?
Who do you work for?
Someone who wants
to work with you.
VVhy?
Because you're a killer.
For some reason,
you're important to him.
I don't ask questions
like that.
Now, come on.
I'm not a killer anymore.
And you're not
going anywhere.
Look, I'm on your side!
Can't you see
they're trying to
change you in here?
Make you into something
that you're not.
You don't know
anything about me!
But the man
I work for does.
He likes you
the way you are.
It's about time.
(WHOOSHING)
Peter.
Peter, you need to
come with me. Peter.
No,no,no.
What are you doing?
I need your help.
Get away from me!
No,no,no,no!
I'm not going
to hurt you.
You already did.
You gave me this hunger.
You made me a monster.
Now I can't control it.
I'm just like you.
I don't want to
be that anymore.
I'm trying to be different.
And I think I can control it,
and if I can, then so can you.
When I saw you
in the future, you...
You changed.
You found a way
to suppress it. How?
I don't know.
But just knowing that
I figured it out,
just believing
it's a possibility,
gives me hope.
I don't want hope,
I want it gone.
This is not
about you and me.
I woke you because
your mother's in trouble.
Our mother.
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
Hello,
Mr. African lsaac.
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
She said she knew him,
maybe we just ought to
give her a little more time.
She's still not answering
her phone. She's in trouble.
Oh, my God, Claire,
where did you
get that thing?
Dad's closet.
Stay here,
I'm going in.
Claire, we should
call your father.
No,
I don't want him here.
(SOFTLY) Claire, wait.
Claire, if we're going
in there, we need a plan.
(JAZZ MUS/C PLA Y/NG)
(CHUCKLES)
I've always had
two left feet. I...
But you were
always graceful,
and light as a feather.
(CLAN KING)
Did you tell anyone
you were here?
No.
I swear.
Good.
(SQUA WK/NG)
Welcome, nice to see you.
What do you want?
Hi.
Hi, l was wondering if I
could book a birthday party
for my son, Lyle.
He's six and he just
loves puppets.
Yeah, I don't do
parties anymore.
Well, lwould be willing
to pay cash upfront.
Okay, fill this out.
Bring it back.
Well, I'll just fill it
out here, if you don't mind.
I think l have a pen.
Fine.
(RATTLING)
On second thought,
I will just take this little
form and fill it out at home.
Who are you?
(RATTLING)
(WHISPERING)
Meredith, come on.
Come on, we got
to get out of here.
Let them go.
I said, let them go.
(SIGHS) No.
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
Those things have
just one shot, right?
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(GRUNTING)
That's much better.
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(GROANS)
(CHATTERING)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(GROANING)
(SHOVEL CLANKS)
(MAN CHATTER/NG ON PA)
(KNOCKS AT DOOR)
Dr. Suresh?
Maybe. Who are you?
(WHOOSHES)
How did you just...
You know exactly
how I just did that.
You know a lot about
people like me. That's
why they sent me to you.
And what do they
want with me?
Access to your research,
your database, contacts...
Why on earth would I
give them that?
That's not part of
my job description.
All I know is that they've
already figured out
how to do the thing
that you're trying to do.
To give people abilities.
They need your help,
you need theirs.
Help to do what?
Save the world.
Look, if you have questions,
you can ask them,
I'm just the messenger.
(GROANING)
What was that?
Help us.
(GASPS)
(NATHAN GROANING)
Great, you're just as bad
as the rest of them.
(WHOOSHING)
(GROANS)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
It's show time,
ladies.
The gun has
just one bullet.
What is it that
you want, you sick...
but since you're so eager,
why don't you spin the gun?
All right,
time to choose.
Who you gonna shoot?
No. No, I can't.
You're not scared,
are you?
I mean,
'cause you're the hero
with the big old gun.
Stop it.
Leave her alone.
What are you?
Her mother?
Oh, this is too good.
You are her mother?
(CHUCKLES)
So what does that
make you Meredith?
I mean, 'cause, you know,
you're too old to
be her daughter, too.
So let's see,
sexy, free-spirit...
(GASPS) Oh,
you're the fun aunt, right?
The one that Barbie
really looks up to.
Go to hell!
So what's it gonna be,
huh?
PTA mom who
tucks you in
every night,
or cool aunt with
flame throwing action.
I mean, come on,
there's only one in six
chances it will even go off.
(SOBBING) Please,
don't make me do this.
Fine,
I'll choose for you.
Stop it! Stop!
I promise you
I will love you
for ever and ever.
I don't believe you.
Pull the trigger.
No!
If you don't do it,
I will.
(GUN CLICKS)
(SIGHS)
(HUFFS)
Okay, mom,
your turn to spin.
Listen to me,
leave them alone. I...
(GRUNTING)
Oh, you gotta
love the irony.
I mean, it's like
a Greek tragedy
or something, right?
Okay, mom, do it.
I won't.
(WHISPERING) Yes, you will.
Okay, look, these could
be your final words, Barbie,
so make them count.
Mom...
(SOBBING) Mom, it's okay.
It's me.
You can't fight him.
Do what you have to do.
Pull the trigger.
(SOBBING) Okay.
(GUN CLICKS)
(GUNSHOT)
(GASPS)
(SANDRA PANTING)
(SANDRA SOBBING)
(SIGHS)
That was fun, huh?
(GRUNTS)
(THUDS)
Show's over.
(HEART MONITOR BEEPING)
I found her like this.
She's in some
kind of a coma.
You're worried.
You actually
care about her.
She's my mother,
too, Peter.
She's the only person
who ever accepted me
for what I am.
I should have
protected her.
You've got to look inside
of her head. You've got
to find out what's wrong.
(GROANS)
What was it?
What did you see?
(PANTING)
Just this.
I've seen this before.
So have I.
(HIGH-PITCHED WHIRRING)
(FIRES)
That ought to
keep him down
for a little while.
It's a good thing
you called me.
(SIGHS) Claire,
you were amazing.
No, lwasn't.
I got us caught.
No, you saved us.
You may have got
your genes from me,
but you got your heart
from your mom.
You did this, Claire?
That's very impressive,
sweetheart.
Claire!
I'll talk to her.
She just has the wrong idea
about me in her head.
She's a young woman now,
Noah. She just wants
to be on her own.
She doesn't need you
or me to protect her.
Well, maybe not, but
there are a lot more people
like Eric Doyle out there.
I could use some help.
What, from Claire?
No.
From you.
Peter, don't.
You're in no condition
to go to Pinehearst.
They spread abilities,
causing the end of the world.
They did this to her.
I want revenge
for what they did
to Mom, too.
Stop calling her that!
You are not my family.
Look, you took
from me my ability.
I've lived with it. The need
for power will consume you,
it will control you.
Get out of my way.
No.
I'm your brother.
You gotta listen
to me, Peter.
You need help.
I don't need
anything from you!
(GRUNTS)
I'm not gonna
let you leave, Peter.
I've been down that path.
It's too dangerous.
You're too weak
to stop me.
I know what
it feels like now,
all this power.
I'm the most special.
I know what
you're thinking.
You didn't mean
for any of this
to happen.
You try to fix it,
but everything you do
just makes it worse.
It all got out of control.
But that girl that was here
gave you a way out.
Some answers.
This was all
so unnecessary.
Maya was right.
I am a monster.
TRACY: Maybe we all are.
I understand.
(SCREAMS)
Nathan, are you okay?
(GROANS SOFTLY)
Come here.
Okay.
We're not finished here.
What, you're not hungry?
Yeah, me neither.
You came back?
Yeah.
I'm supposed to
recruit you to Pinehearst,
but you wouldn't fit in.
It's not you. It's...
I mean, it is you, but...
It's these people
and the things
that they do...
They're not good people,
and you seem like
a really sweet guy, so...
(CHUCKLES)
Great. Okay...
Well, that's...
That's great.
I mean, that means
that you and I should...
That means that
you need to stay
away from them.
Actually,
you have to stay away
from them, too.
In the future,
Pinehearst is gonna
get you killed.
That's why I wanted
to find you, to save you,
to keep that
from happening.
You read minds,
not the future.
I know, I know, but I met
a guy in Africa, and
everything that he paints...
Comes true.
Yes!
So you've gotta
stay with me.
No, you don't get it.
l have to go back.
I don't have a choice.
But you don't trust
these people.
If you can read
my thoughts,
then you know
that I don't know
if I can trust you,
either.
Forget your thoughts.
What is your heart
telling you to do?
Same as it always does.
Keep moving too fast
to get caught.
What do they
have over you?
I can protect you.
No.
You can't.
Bye, Parkman.
(WHOOSHES)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(AN DO SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(HIRO SPEAKING JAPANESE)
USUTU: Congratulations.
You were relying too much
on your powers. You forgot
how to use your head.
But when you started to think,
that's when you found me.
This was a test?
Yes.
And now you are ready.
These are
the villains
you seek.
You can take me to them
or you can follow
your own path.
(AN DO SPEAKING JAPANESE)
(SPEAKING JAPANESE)
Mr. Petrelli?
I know,
the bad guys are here.
ARTHUR: That's what
they call you, isn't it?
Criminals, villains...
It's okay.
He's my son.
Dad.
Peter.
How is this possible?
You're dead.
It's a long story.
So you're behind
all this. You...
You hurt Mom?
Like I say,
we need to talk.
Come give
your father a hug.
It's all right, Peter.
It's all right.
(WHISPERING)
I'm sorry it had
to come to this.
(PETER SCREAMING)
You don't have
your powers
anymore, Peter.
Because I have them now.